Added quoting modes (#8)
sparques/micro-quoter: help/quoter.md

## Enable Plugin

Once installed, enable the plugin by setting `quoter.enable` to on:

> 

Reviewer: Same suggestion with removing empty line before `` `setlocal quoter.mode 'mode'` ``.

`set quoter.enable on`

## Use

Select some text and press a quote or bracket button to surround the 
selected text with quotes or matching brackets.

## Quoting modes

> Depending on the type of the current file, Quoter can apply different quote and grouping symbols. For example, while in most languages backticks are usually used in pairs, as in `` `backticked` ``, to represent strings, infix operators, etc., in latex, to quote text, one would quote it with a backtick and an apostrophe, as ` ``quote'' `. Quoting modes allow to resolve these conflicting cases. 

Reviewer: This also applies to other lines but lines in text files are usually limited to 80 columns, so I think the lines have to be split.

However, these modes are not applied automatically but can be set by the user in the `settings.json` file, in a per filetype basis, like other user settings, through the `quoter.mode` setting. For example, setting the mode to tex for tex files:

```json
{
    "ft:tex": {
        "quoter.mode": "tex"
    }
}
```

The available modes are: `default`, `c_style` and `tex`.

The mode of the current file can also be changed in the command-bar with:

> 

Reviewer: The line is not long so I think it is better if the empty line is removed.

`setlocal quoter.mode 'mode'`

> Check the file "micro-quoter/modes.lua" in the plugin folder to see the differences between the different modes. 

Reviewer: Paths are usually inserted in backticks instead of double quotes.

#### Extending Quoting Modes

> New modes can be added by extending the `modes` table. If you have sophisticated quoting requisites that fall outside the implemented modes, feel free to extend the `modes` table and do a pull request to the fork at https://github.com/MiguelRoldao/micro-quoter.

Reviewer: This pull request targets upstream so making a pull request at the upstream repository has to be written instead. Changes to features added in pull requests would usually be suggested in upstream issues or pull requests when the original pull request has been merged, and suggested in the pull request thread when not.

It would also be better to display URLs with a label. The URL is at the last part of the line, so I think it is fine if it exceeds 80 columns.

```suggestion
New modes can be added by extending the `modes` table. If you have sophisticated
quoting requisites that fall outside the implemented modes, feel free to extend
the `modes` table and do a pull request [here](https://github.com/sparques/micro-quoter).
```

`set quoter.enable on`

## Use

Select some text and press a quote or bracket button to surround the 
selected text with quotes or matching brackets.

## Quoting modes

Depending on the type of the current file, Quoter can apply different quote and
grouping symbols. For example, while in most languages backticks are usually
used in pairs, as in `` `backticked` ``, to represent strings, infix operators,
etc., in latex, to quote text, one would quote it with a backtick and an
apostrophe, as ` ``quote'' `. Quoting modes allow to resolve these conflicting
cases. 

However, these modes are not applied automatically but can be set by the user
in the `settings.json` file, in a per filetype basis, like other user settings,
through the `quoter.mode` setting. For example, setting the mode to tex for tex
files:

```json
{
    "ft:tex": {
        "quoter.mode": "tex"
    }
}
```

The available modes are: `default`, `c_style` and `tex`. The mode of the
current file can also be changed in the command-bar with:
`setlocal quoter.mode 'mode'`

Check the file `micro-quoter/modes.lua` in the plugin folder to see the
differences between the different modes. 

> #### Extending Quoting Modes

Reviewer: The heading level of "Quoting modes" is 2 so this probably has to be decreased to 3.
